# Video Player App A YouTube-like video player web application that allows users to browse popular videos, watch them, and interact with related content. The app fetches video data from the YouTube API, displays them in a feed, and allows video playback, along with features like viewing likes, dislikes, comments, and channel information. ## Live Project You can view the live project [here](https://project-67-video-player-app.netlify.app/). ## Features - **Video Feed**: Displays a feed of trending videos based on category. - **Video Playback**: Watch videos via embedded YouTube links, similar to the YouTube interface. - **Recommendation Section**: Shows recommended videos related to the currently playing video. - **Channel Information**: Displays channel details and subscriber counts. - **Like/Dislike & Share**: Shows video statistics such as views, likes, and dislikes. Users can also share and save the video. - **Comments**: View the most recent comments on videos with author details and comment actions (like/dislike). ## Tech Stack - **Frontend**: React.js, CSS (with responsiveness) - **API**: YouTube Data API - **Libraries**: `moment.js` for date/time formatting, `react-router-dom` for routing ## Installation 1. Clone the repository: ```bash git clone https://github.com/your-username/video-player-app.git ``` 2. Navigate to the project directory: ```bash cd video-player-app ``` 3. Install the required dependencies: ```bash npm install ``` 4. Set up your YouTube API key in the `data.js` file: ```javascript export const API_KEY = 'YOUR_YOUTUBE_API_KEY'; ``` 5. Start the development server: ```bash npm start ``` 6. Visit `http://localhost:5173` in your browser to view the application. ## Folder Structure ```plaintext ├── src │ ├── assets              # Images, videos, and other static files │ ├── components          # Reusable React components │ │ ├── feeds           # Video feed component │ │ ├── playvideo       # Main video playback component │ │ └── recomend        # Recommended video component │ ├── pages               # Page components │ │ └── video           # Video page to play selected video │ ├── data.js             # API key and utility functions │ ├── App.js              # Main application file │ ├── App.css             # Global styles │ └── index.js            # Entry point of the application ``` ## API Usage The application uses the YouTube Data API to fetch: - **Video details** (title, statistics, thumbnails) - **Channel information** (channel name, subscriber count) - **Comments** (top-level comments, author details, likes on comments) You need to provide your own YouTube API key in the `data.js` file. ## Contributing Contributions are welcome! If you find any bugs or want to improve the features, feel free to create a pull request. Before contributing, please ensure you have read the contributing guidelines. ## License This project is licensed under the MIT License. You are free to modify and use the code as long as proper attribution is provided. ## Acknowledgments - [YouTube Data API](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3) - [React.js](https://reactjs.org/) - [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) Feel free to check out the live project [here](https://project-67-video-player-app.netlify.app/).
